hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a historical
adventure film
alpha spoiler ahead watch out and take
care
twenty thousand or more years ago in
europe where humans are suffering from
the ice age
a small tribe of hunters are preparing
for a hunting expedition
for the coming winter's food with
attempt to train his teenage son keta
the chief of a primitive tribe decides
to let his son join the hunting
adventure
since he's pretty satisfied by the sharp
stone knife made by ketta
while ketta's mother worried much about
her still young son though
has to let go of him into the dangerous
journey
following the direction shown by the
stone pagoda they come all the way to
the hunting ground
there the chief wanna test his son by
having him kill a wild boar they've
caught
kenna however hesitates to take any
action by boar struggling for life
which indeed disappoints the father
greatly
during the night they set up a camp fire
which however draws the attention of a
large lion
it jumps towards the crowd and snatches
one of them right away for food
ketta who's never seen before such
brutal killing from wild animals
just gets shocked still by the sudden
attack
but to his comfort a little bit at least
the next day the tribe holds a funeral
ritual
with rocks to mourn for their lost
member last night
the father then tattoos on ketta's hand
with the night stars
trying to teach him an important skill
to find his direction
in case of his getting lost in the wild
the hunters eventually reach a herd of
step bison
which they managed to force down off a
cliff trying to catch them while
avoiding their deadly violence
during the chaos one bison turns around
however
and rushes towards kenneth who's soon
outrun by the bison
and tossed over to the edge of the cliff
struggling hard for life though
kettle loses his grip on the edge right
before he could be reached by his father
coming for help he plummets to a further
ledge
where he breaks his leg and gets knocked
unconscious
the chief attempts to climb down to
ketta but he's stopped by the fellows
due to the danger
he then tries hard to shout at ketta
hoping to wake him up that
way without any reply and believing keta
is dead they have to leave with their
praise
however keta is later awakened by the
pecking of a vulture
who mistakes him for the death he's
frightened up
when realizes he's the only one left
there
he then tries to climb the rest of the
way down the cliff for his way to escape
out but almost loses his grip
luckily a sudden heavy rain floods the
valley which allows ketta to fall into
the water
supposedly much more safely he turns to
survive under the burning sun overhead
feeding himself with some rain water he
then splints his injured foot
before returning to the cliff top
seeing the memorial stones presumably
made for him by the tribe
he realizes that they've all left and he
must travel
back to the village on his own in
despair and under huge pain on his foot
though
he has to escape away from the
approaching wolves and find a shelter
for safe
right before he's caught by a pack of
wolves kenneth climbs up a tree
and wounds one of the wolves chasing him
tightly behind
after the wolves all leave except the
wounded one the hungry ketta attempts to
kill it for food
but he hesitates again and instead he
takes pity on it
and carries it along he's later hidden
up into a cave to avoid the predators
and tries to make fire from the wood but
fails
not giving up he finds his own way to
care for the injury of himself
and the wolf as well he gives the wolf
water and food
which gradually gains its trust at a
time when he catches a rabbit for food
he figures out his way to establish
himself as dominant by feeding himself
first
as time goes by kenneth knows how to
make fire out of wood for the first time
and how to befriend the wild wolf
staying close to him every day
from the stars of the sky and those
tattooed in his hand
he mix up his mind to set out for the
village before the winter comes
he tries to send the wolf away back into
the wilderness but unbelievably
it keeps following him on their way
there's a good chance for them
learning to hunt the boars together
which is however
missed again by the frightened ketta
along the way
their relationship grows keta names the
wolf alpha
and trains it to understand some human
instructions which in return
allow them to cooperate better during
their hunting for food
one night on the journey however they
are approached menacingly by a pack of
wolves
keta prepares for his defense
immediately but the next minute
upon seeing alpha steps forward to greet
them the wolves recognize kedah's
companion
and let go of their hostility towards
keta said to say goodbye to a seemingly
friend though
keta has to push alpha back to its own
kind while alpha finds its wolf fellows
finally
and joins them with teta's blessing
teddy then continues his journey alone
as the season changes into winter
on a frozen lake he encounters alpha
again in the wolf pack
feeding on a carcass ketter runs to them
attempting to say hello to his old
friend but the ice breaks suddenly
and he falls through into the icy water
fortunately with alpha's help kenneth
struggles outside the cold water finally
and they are reunited just like old
friends partying away for long
continuing the following tough journey
in the snowy day together
they find a man sitting before a tent
hoping to find some food from him
keta soon discovers the man has already
been frozen to death
with no food left inside except his bow
and arrow
with no better choice he takes them away
later they are targeted by a pack of
hyenas
during the chaos they take refuge inside
a cave for safe
however the next minute alpha smells
something bad in the cave
and keeps alert they are soon confronted
and attacked by a lion who plunges
towards keta
luckily alpha helps distract the lion's
attacks away from keta
which gives keto a good chance to kill
the lion with arrow
alpha however is badly wounded in the
fight
and now travels with difficulty under
the heavy snow
kenneth turns grad at last to see the
stone pagoda
which is built to show the direction of
his village but alpha can't make it any
further due to its bad injury
with a strong mind built up through
those days ketta
instead of abandoning the wolf in the
snow carries alpha along with him
and struggles hard through the heavy
snow
he staggers forward for hours unknown
all the way to the village's tent
right before he nearly passes out from
exhaustion
shocked by the still alive sun making
his way back eventually
the father feels extremely proud of him
as alpha is taken good care by the
village healer
to everyone's surprise alpha is pregnant
and delivers a litter of puppies
who are formally welcomed into the tribe
and later on for the first time the
human tribe begins their hunting
expedition into the wild
with domesticated wolves this is daniel
cc movie review
peace out